# kasi-foods

MOBILE PRIVACY POLICY (AD-SPONSORED APPS) PRIVACY  POLICY  MODEL FOR  MOBILE APPLICATIONS  This  privacy  policy  governs  your  use  of  the software  application  Kasi  foods  for  mobile  devices  that  was  created  by  Ntshuxeko.  The  Application  is a  food  ordering  app  that  lets  spaza  and  small  restaurants  have  online  services What information  does  the  Application  obtain  and  how  is  it  used?  User  Provided  Information   The  Application  obtains  the  information  you  provide  when  you  download  and  register  the Application.  Registration  with  us  is  optional.  However,  please  keep  in  mind  that  you  may  not  be  able to  use  some  of  the  features  offered  by  the  Application  unless  you  register  with  us. When you register  with  us  and  use  the  Application,  you  generally  provide  (a)  your  name,  email address,  age,  user  name,  password  and  other  registration  information;  (b)  transaction-related information,  such  as  when  you  make  purchases,  respond  to  any  offers,  or  download  or  use applications  from  us;  (c)  information  you  provide  us  when  you  contact  us  for  help;  (d)  credit  card information  for  purchase  and  use  of  the  Application,  and;  (e)  information  you  enter  into  our  system when  using  the  Application,  such  as  contact  information  and  project  management  information. We may also  use  the  information  you  provided  us  to  contact  your  from  time  to  time  to  provide  you with  important  information,  required  notices  and  marketing  promotions. Automatically  Collected  Information   In  addition,  the  Application  may  collect  certain  information  automatically,  including,  but  not  limited to,  the  type  of  mobile  device  you  use,  your  mobile  devices  unique  device  ID,  the  IP  address  of  your mobile  device,  your  mobile  operating  system,  the  type  of  mobile  Internet  browsers  you  use,  and information  about  the  way  you  use  the  Application.   Does  the  Application  collect  precise  real  time  location  information  of  the  device?  This  Application does  not  collect  precise  information  about  the  location  of  your  mobile  device.   MOBILE PRIVACY POLICY (AD-SPONSORED APPS)  POWERED BY  DOCRACY.COM of  2  4 Do third  parties  see  and/or  have  access  to  information  obtained  by  the  Application?  Yes.  We  will share  your  information  with  third  parties  only  in  the  ways  that  are  described  in  this  privacy statement. We may disclose  User  Provided  and  Automatically  Collected  Information: 
